Monthly Electricity Bill Calculator
README

Written by: Airi Matsushita

Overview:
This program calculates the monthly electricity bill based on electricity usage data from a CSV file.
It processes the data to determine energy and demand charges according to specified rates for summer and winter periods.
The program outputs a rundown of all monthly bills,and gives the user the option to look at a breakdown of a bill
provided the start month and year of the billing cycle.

How to run:
1. Ensure you have Python installed on your machine.
2. Place the CSV file containing electricity usage data in the same directory as the script.
3. Run the script using the command:
   python monthly_bill_calculator.py OR python3 monthly_bill_calculator.py
4. When prompted, enter the filename of the CSV file (e.g., raw_data.csv).
5. After the monthly bills are displayed, you are given the option to enter a specific billing cycle's start.
   If you wish to see the breakdown of a specific bill, enter the start month and year in the format MM-YYYY (e.g., 05-2024).
   If not, type 'q' to exit.

This program assumes the following:
  > the input is a CSV file containing electricity usage data with columns for Start Date Time, Usage, and Peak Demand.
  > the first timestamp in the CSV corresponds to the start of a billing cycle.
  > billing cycle period begins on the start date of the current cycle and ends one day before the start date of the next cycle.
    Example periods:
      - Start date 1/5/2024 → End date 2/4/2024
      - Start date 5/10/2024 → End date 6/9/2024
  > for time intervals, the start time is inclusive and the end time is exclusive.
    Examples:
      - The summer peak time interval from 4:00 PM to 9:00 PM includes 4:00 PM but excludes 9:00 PM.
      - The winter super off peak time interval from 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM includes 9:00 AM but excludes 2:00 PM.
  > the customer charge only includes the mandatory rate, as it represents a fixed cost that applies to all customers regardless of energy usage (the voluntary rate was excluded in this program since customer participation is not guaranteed)
